alright so this guys getting his rematch
but Catwoman again I don't know why I
Catwoman uh let's see my Aries is kind
of weak man i'll go for Aquaman again
Aquaman Aquaman
the aqua mean
okay you saw my pocket right over it
through a body right Gooden block what
the fuck was that watch you garba hit
little shit I don't know what that blue
is she's feeling she's doing some weird
move that absorbed by hey I don't know
what it is got fucking right up come on
to the easy combo to do it fucking lag
online
there we go here we go Aquaman the proud
aqua he summons the creatures of the
deep for his celebratory dance in the
water haha very nice Aquaman very nice